It's amazing. When you look at the internet,
how many people get off daily about things?
Did you ever thought about when Twitter started and stuff like how annoying it
would be and,
and just like the white male bashing.
Which you know, is so weird.
Um, but like the,
the Tarantino thing was the craziest to me,
like when they were like, what,
what I heard an article about it, or I read an article about it.
And it said once upon a time in Hollywood,
this is on N this is on NBC news.com.
Think opinion, analysis, essays, hot,
take hot take. You know,
don't say your own thing is a hot take, by the way.
That's for other people to say, I'll hot take, you know, hot, take my.
It says once upon a time in Hollywood, this is the title.
Once upon a time in Hollywood takes the Sharon Tate murders and makes them about
men
couldn't turn Tino's new movie reframes,
a brutal crime is a story about white male heroism that does a disservice to
both Tate and to the story, dude. Kay.
And this is written was written by a guy or a girl. Oh, look,
it's written by a girl. So, um, yeah.
I didn't see the movie,
but you literally it's the movies about what it's
about.
I don't even know how to explain this to a thick headed person.
The movie isn't about the Sharon Tate murders.
If it's not about the Sharon Tate murders.
Okay.
It's about what it's about. So,
I mean, how do I say this and not make you seem like a
idiot? A movie is about what it's about.
It's not about what it's not about you getting mad that once
upon a time in Hollywood
is not about the Sharon Tate murders is getting mad at
the movie transformers that it's not about the
Sharon Tate murders in the right way,
because the movie is just about what it's about.
So I don't, I can't explain how
you that's, it that's it, you go like that.
Like we were in a court of law and they were like, well, we, you know,
we're really looking into this forensically about why this white male made a
movie about the Sharon Tate murders. And it's not about the Sharon Tate murders.
Then I come in with my business too, because I'm a lawyer. And I say, well,
you see movies are about what they're about. And then the LA the judge goes, oh,
okay. So during [inaudible] and everyone goes, yeah, that's true. Then
look at this, leave it to Cutera, you know,
to make a story about the murder of Sharon Tate, a truly.
Horrific real crime, in which female cult this murder,
a famous pregnant woman that revolves around men.
Also, what about Quentin Tarantino? Who made kill bill volume? One and two.
That's about a check.
I mean, dude, this is just outstanding. This article,
this up dumb article.
Here's the thing too. I tweeted about it. It's so crazy.
How many people look I'm in Hollywood? I'm a Hollywood guy,
but it's so crazy when I tweet something like that.
The traction it doesn't get.
Because people are so, so scared to even like something.
Negative about something about this article. Cause then they'll be like, well,
I don't want to be racist or whatever the it is.
You're getting mad at the wrong, dude.
Quintin Tarantino. Isn't a bad idea. He's a bad guy. He's not a bad guy.
I don't know this doesn't mean he's a bad guy.
I mean, look at.
This for the most,
for most of the film tape and Samantha family girls are sidelined seemingly so
the real star.
This is hilarious right here.
This is an excerpt from the thing for most of the film tape.
And some man affiliate girls.
Are sidelined seemingly. So the real stars.
Leonardo DiCaprio and Brad Pitt
can do their thing.
Yeah. Yeah. How about this?
Yeah, they're.
The two biggest, oh you mean the two biggest, Hey,
you don't have to put them in. You don't have to put real in quotes.
Do you know why?
Because they're the real stars of the movie because that's what the
movie is about.
That's what the movie's about.
Stop complaining.
This article is why Trump's going to get elected again.
I mean, it's so funny. And then in the middle of it says,
want more articles like this,
sign up for the think newsletter and get updates on the week's most important
cultural analysis. Oh dude,
one more tastes like this, ate it.
Look at this. But Tarantino isn't interested in who.
Tate was. Anyway. All he cares about is what she represents a sex symbol,
a woman cut down in her prime. I didn't see the movie. So I can't speak on that.
Um,
it's so funny, man. The people like this is an article. Dude.
Imagine if I was this famous as famous as something that these people would just
destroy me. How much should I say?
That's quote unquote problematic.
Yes. So weird to me. Hot take. What does hot take mean? Bad take I for real.